What are you doing here?
What is it?
How dare you speak to me like that?
Xiaoxi
Talk politely to the lady
Don't forget who you are
Mrs. Deer's location is mine
You are nothing more than a substitute soldier
Don't be delusional
Lu Xinhan will like you
Your mother's illness
Just a word from me
Then get the hell out of here
Miss, you are not well yet
Not suitable for walking around
You're right.
It's so dirty in here
I took a breath of air
Will you get sick?
Mom, did Mu Shuyu do anything to you?
The lady came to see me specially
How can you talk to people in such a tone?
We have been at Mu's house for so long
He is a miss
The Domu family is taking care of us
Mom, we are human too
What if he is the young lady of the Mu family?
Don't you know how he usually treats us?
You know how Opex treated us harshly
Why are you so protective of Mu Shuyu?
How is peace?